innovate

AN ODE TO HUMANITY
Imagine a world sans judgement, discrimination, moral policing, where all are treated alike,
where everyone could celebrate their individuality. Too ideal to imagine? Well then, let’s take
our first leap towards this imagination.
● Talks, discussions and open forum to voice the opinions of marginalized sections of
society such as LGBT community.
● Bringing back our alumni who had chosen the least treaded paths and followed their
true calling to college.
● Creating spaces where anyone and everyone would be able to be with their partner,
without any fear of being labelled.

● Social initiatives to care for the needy, the homeless, and the ones who starve to
death,by avoiding wastages of any form.
● Rediscovering waste management systems to preserve our surroundings, our
planet, and for our posterity
So this Dhwani, let’s try and shatter few moulds of society and mould new bonds of love and
trust.

inspire
THE ART OF CAPTIVATION
Art is a medium for transcending one’s reality to a world of imagination, and no work of art
here at Dhwani shall fall short of perfection.
Creation of art calls for passion,dedication and reverence. Hence, no artist is seen as an
ordinary individual, and their space should speak of the glory of their work.
● A different approach to nomenclature of competitions.
● Redefining event venues and style so as to appreciate the effort of each artist.
Let us reinvent our approach to any event, and redefine boundaries of talent, so that we all
ascend to the realm of creativity and inspire and admire the creators of this splendour.

imagine
A FEAST OF FANTASY
How about a delicious and interesting combination of our superheroes topped with a slice of
westeros? Let&#39;s sprinkle some magic in the air, not just for the potterheads but for all those
lost in awe of realm of imagination.
● Photo booths to walk into, click pictures with our favorite characters and take home
souvenir of all the fun we had.
● Cosplay to fascinate us, sweep us off our feet and keep the air filled with fantasy.
● Merchandise shops to help us tick things off our wish lists and satiate our cravings.
● Caricatures, wall art and many more that talk of long legends of witches and
vampires to set the mood right.
Well, escaping reality is no easy task and this could be your floo powder!!
